---
title: "Rules"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
---
# general ruleS

- Your game must be compatible with the theme.

- Your game must be playable by everyone. No nsfw. If your game contains racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, or otherwise intolerant stuff then it doesn't belong here.

- You may use any means possible to code or build the game. This contest is open to two separate categories; the pro track and the newbie track.

- We insist you credit everything, even those from Open Game Art and Itchio. If you use any pre-made assets without credit, your game will be disqualified.

- Everything must be submitted to thesgamejam2022 AT gmail DOT com by 11:59 pm ET, Feb 6, 2022 and the judging will begin after that. We expect the results to be announced at 6:00pm ET, Feb 28.


## two trackS

This year we will have two tracks again. The pro track is for *experienced jam participants*; you need to make a game that's more or less playable in 7 days. The newbie track is for *beginners*; you will present your ideas with a prototypical demo in a 12 hour sprint. You can only participate in **one** of them.

### pro track:

- You will vote for the theme upon registration. The most popular one will be the jam theme for this track. It will be revealed at 11:59 pm ET, Jan 30, 2022. 

- Submissions open from 11:59 pm ET, Jan 31 to 11:59 pm ET, Feb 6, 2022.

- Teams can only include up to 4 members - any more would make it unfair.

- Please be honest and only submit games made within the jam period.

### newbie track:

- The theme will be revealed at 11:59am ET, Feb 6, 2022.

- Submissions open from 5:59 pm ET, Jan 31 to 11:59 pm ET, Feb 6, 2022.

- This must be a solo project.

- Your submission must include a game demo *along with a video sketching out your ideas*.

*Feel free to email thesgamejam2022 AT gmail DOT com for any additional questions.*
